SEAN NEWTON JR. 689.224.0230 snewtonjr@comcast.net linkedin.com/in/sean-newton-jr Esports Production Coordinator  |  Esports Assistant  |  Esports Event Manager I'm a dedicated and detail-oriented Esports Production Assistant with hands-on experience in supporting live event production, content creation, and broadcast operations. I'm skilled in managing equipment, coordinating logistics, and providing technical support to ensure seamless execution of gaming events. I'm adept at working under tight deadlines, collaborating with diverse teams, and maintaining high-quality standards to enhance viewer experience. I'm passionate about esports and committed to delivering smooth, professional productions. EDUCATION Full Sail University Bachelor of Science - Game Design March 2025 SKILLS Event Management Event Production Esports Knowledge Line Production Marketing Project Management Project Planning Mobile Advertising TECHNICAL SKILLS Atlassian Confluence Jira Paycom Splash Google Suite Image Loaded PCs Turnkey System Setup DaVinci Resolve Audacity Clip Champ OBS Studio Twitch Studio (Beta) Stream Labs Adobe Premiere Pro WORK EXPERIENCE Armada Trials - Marvel Rivals LAN Host Full Sail University - Orlando, FL Feb 2025 - Feb 2025 Hosted two Marvel Rivals Setups, and lobby for students to join and compete online as a squad. EA Madden 25 MCS - Reception Staff Full Sail University - Orlando, FL Jan 2025 - Jan 2025 Welcomed, directed, checked-in, and greeted guests and players as they entered the venue. The Throwback Festival - Event Manager The Gaming Dojool & Full Sail University - Orlando, FL Sept 2024 - Sept 2024 Created, planned, pitched, and hosted a massive student run catered community event from 9:30am-9:30pm XP League- Tech Observer Floater Full Sail University - Orlando, FL Jun 2024 - Jun 2024 Offered other Tech Operators help as needed to ensure no one was overworked and assisted with reporting if players were cheating. Hall of Game- Strike Crew Full Sail University - Orlando, FL May 2024 - May 2024 Handled putting together a professional Esports set, assisting and guiding guests, then tearing said set down safely. NACE Grand Finals- Event Manager Full Sail University - Orlando, FL Apr 2024 - Apr 2024 Invited to be both the captain of work studies & volunteers, and one of the Event Manager leads. Awarded best Live Collegiate Event of 2025.